[1]

The force and subsequent form of the omnipresent tendency of physical
laws fused with the force of a sincere will and desire. A graceful but
plaintive melisma, and like the bat discretely inhibiting hearing the initial
soundwave of his pitch so as to be completely attuned to the comprehension of
the ensuing field, there wait Narcissus and Echo, listening for the dark
crest of tomorrowbreaking into present realization.

Inducing gouging agile muscular mastery from his prehensile mind and hands,
pathos of and in skintissue leading to a jagged pandemonium window
cunning pa(i)ne shatteringly close and alone across the me(i)r(or)e surface.
The vast isolated interior between, death and desire knot cut, the fragmented
personae (ef)acing each other. Angelic nebular polyadore. The sea or star
breaking itself in its shining corona looking yin eyes and our mind-bodies
shimmering like tree leaves and wings speaking winds melisma. The soaring gull,
feeling the resistance of the air against its wings, believes it could fly
better in a total vacuum, spinning and tumblimg forever, helpless. Personalities
becoming fixed and self-perpetuating mistaken for our true selves, while
inside we brittle, germinating the vulnerable cor(ne)(on)a surface, the
unheard breaking crest of life sung in unreflected unbroken spheres whose
radii tend to infinity at which point they reflect through their center
causing themselves to (have) eminate(d).

*arrive*, *vie*, aiere
blossom wou(n)ld in()santi sancti.

The 'memory' of the flower exhibition in the vast park with its mazes of
topiaried lilacs and roses, its Eden center and illusory cicumpherence one.
Dissolution the unidirectional journey of mind and time and different for
everyone.

