[2]

Outside the everyday had been and was proceeding, a shared dream-life and the 
daily cloth of unused happiness.

The candle still burning and as if words were to be spoken our eyes will
perhaps meet in a moment... enjoying the presence and warmth of her thin and
soft body but her eyes speaking more calmly, the uneasy tranquility of
large unknowable bodies of water.

Sitting hidden in the rocks scanning the inexpliquable turns of subtlety,
wind and waves, until she finds herself drawn wading out into the immense
desire to be absorbed in Another.  To exist as the agonizingly persistent 
charm flickering and glancing upon inconsistencies of surfaces.

Sitting at the candle wondering in the patience of its melting into insipidness.
Sometimes the living light is in out eyes but sometimes it is as distant as
a tiny star. Can we continue to do no more than some privacy of affection, an
ignorance of the immensity of what could be. The world has gone too far to
absorb such waste of heart, and now now even the very life principle itself
poisoned and ill. Staring at the burnt wick specks flowing in chaos of aimless
discrete particles like a swarm of gnats moving in the warm summer evening. 

       
       your hand                                        
Taking the bitter poisoned bread  and turning it in upon  
       my hand

me
the tissue of all things    and our brief evaporating words just to tell 
you

me you are  still  there    and until the end I hold the tender image of you
you I am           here

in that Dark Night; hold it it geological ease the way Le Havre holds the
voiceless principle of possessing and experiencing along the indefinable
border of substance, earth and water. 

In the darkness between and around us is the suggestion of flat wet
surfaces of speaking skin pressing each other in varying degrees of witheld
desperation.
