[4]

The warm evening must go torpid.
Straying flesh cannot endure
but unable to forget,
out across the lake,
water here and there,
and there, and over there,
unhesitatingly....


drawn through dying
the whole echoing planet
holding its forgiveness in oblivion.
The wound and the tending hand do kiss
and suck the identity of the other.


A convexity of meaning
radiating to itself associatively enclosed but
unknown in the chasm between minds.
The stark beauty of cold object,
the listening animal,
sirens singing out and howling in the night,
the hunt,
the disbelief of death shining in the
glassy pupils of the meat.


The non-peripheral hum of silence
gestures and costumes above
the infant dream-body
twisting away in pain from
the close hot light
like tens of thousands of suns bursting,
a burning wound.

face and conception
ascending into dimness as 
dark formless fears
show how small this planet peeps
in the ocean of mind.


A siren song luring the voyagers
to the crashing shore of rock.
a white noise shimmering in the solar wind,
stochastic pursuit,
lip-read and covert steadily,
the catatonic praying,

an endless self-surrendering to a delicate terminus.



all the images and memories given.




un-to Me,
Perseus was safe. He had on the cap of darkness and forgetfullness
and no one could identify him.


But there is no one. She is no longer a person,
her actions and utterances no longer integral, only incomprehensible
whisperings by nothing at all. Andromedra had waited too long with the drone
of night in the abandoned space of her ear, the sound of sound
listening inside the sea shell of her self.


      A sustained nasilized perplexity
      of repulsion.
      Failed smoking roots.

       
                 Sincerely yours,
                 an Ulterior Skin of Light.








She is no loner a person.



