[2]

In the months that passed I spent many hours looking from the window. 
This quiet reflection upon the outside movements was like watching lakewater
idly wash and rewash the shore, and the glass, a liquid, soothed and made pure
my eyes as I gazed through its fluent and healing solvency.

October was settling in in lucid white light as I realized again what it all
was to me sitting here in the stillness. Below a girl walking through the
garden under bare branches, her grey raincoat open and moving idly in the wind.
Above in the treetops a sparrow flits through the spaces. All round love-wing
body contour bending and breathing the winds sigh. Her slow loose movements
were deluded in the flowing rills of the old glass window. the helpless pane
unable to show its slow surge. I see her and do not idealize her or merely
love her person, but like water, simply, rain. every day re-inventing a
different love, borne by pure joy, motionless.



"To express requires an attitude, a tendency. Pain is a recognizable guide but
the mind may anticipate pain where it may or may not be and then refuse the
perhaps inevitable experience with which we may pass into some small
understanding."

"Yes brother sparrow. I see the soluability within the jagged brittleness.
I see the space of intersticing branches cold and linear, and I see her
enjoying the solitude and quiet of the small garden, listening and waiting 
for me. I see immediately that we must break the transparent separation
even though the glistening brittle liquid star-eye pieces may request our
sensitive skin." 
"...as your eye has requested mine."
