[2]

Indistinguishable horizon of blue lake, mist and blue sky. Standing in
ritualized position on the high arching stone bridge overlooking the deep
cut hillside where gulls plunge into the space below, hovering and falling
gracefully and slowly, very near stillness as if to teach me and be me
in their own languageby being the form in my mind at that moment.
Swooping, repelled from the aura of the radii of branches as if from the 
atmosphere of some density of body or thing showing either the arising of a
feeling of affirmation as if an open palm releasing an implied soaring
gesture of consent and blessing, or the twisting insinuating clutch
of paranoic negation making a crippled fist of the body through time.

The dilating pupil, an inverse nova shining night blind. The gift. It is
undeniable, antinomial, the final piece the placing down of light like a
sustained tone. Sitting alone looking out across it all vaguely and
unthinkingly, the warm bright morning like a calm and sane costume over stars
and interstellar magnitudes.

Grasping the weather
its birthmark resumed in brushstrokes like mousetracks
in self-palmestries of bent branches
thick dark crestings
and stained sky
releasing its instemmed conveying.
unborne...
the stillness...
lying beside the cream of stone, her skin,
the soft moss lawn,
uncoupling like sliced fruit into ancestries
of whittlers of reedflutes under dim candles
of fat and wax.
We kiss to the tiniest bone in the ear,
now still...
tips of buds on twigs...
held


