[3]

water    jar   fulfilled
inkstone    serving     may
born(e)
the linencloth     ricepaper     receiving the brushstroke
its touch and quench upon the tissue
and the experience.


galaxye imprinted
radiating in all directions
fields    moving     winds     cluster    *ssu*
attributes fascin and pollinate
scenes lacking any place made inaccessible by nature
winds touching water
inviting guest into its inner room.


The plenum calm of those who love themselves,
only then can you love everything.


She tallows braidrope
holding and turning the potentially hive.
I watch her singing as she walks along the path
her moccasins dangling from her hand
brushing the dry wheat grasses and flowery weeds.


Golden fields of rushes and flowers spread
before her steps,
winds speak as she goes,
waves ride,
white roil shell of salt or parafin,
harsh twisted linens
her hands moving over tasks like gulls floating
over swelling and ebbing water.


Her ways are pleasant ones, peaceful all her paths.
She is a flower to those laying hold of her
making happy each one holding her fast.


Soft petaled necklace    double-helixed
ringing and twisting stem and flower
looping the mobius band,
beedance      severance     severance
finely strands de novoa.
To begin again so to end.
This breath air thought groves wind.


animal ray    inertial
frail
holding things so beautiful we do damage to ourselves
severance      severance    finely     tryst     tryst
one-sided     touch.


The window spotted with rain and dust
almost a year later.
You who have abnegated all you couldn't deny
who screamed open like an obviated door
who see and end to air. wing. contour.
world-line. sympath.
Without our bodies what would be to us resistance.


It is very cunning in so do not 
bend down your eyes.
White delicate blossom
inner room      coo      swallow   cooo


White narcissus faces of *les innocents*
who have failed when succeeding was effortless air,
winds in pines
the sapient and evergreen,
inner strength of dignity and beauty


The circle is wane
Iris     Narcisus    geodyssey of dilation
It's center     pure sweet smile

